cattle ranchers focus on irrigation for pasture recovery, climate and
technologies are aligned on fattening livestock and to ensure profits in the
the exchange of experiences is fundamental was what happened during
the week and verdelândia in the north of mines
the meeting was in the good garden farm that is in the town of white stone and
three newspaper kompas arriba new chairs the researchers of the
Federal University of Viçosa
show the results obtained with several types of oeiras corals in the
region of the paraíba valley
we will follow our area also started already with projects in the area
the small producer will be in the third stage but may even increase the cbs channel
The second major area with continuation 19 is for passengers to enter the
sesc sings
and this is mine too and they are not just for getting advice
also
in another space to win be attentively the explanation about the value
nutritional balance
until the children appeared there close to the pasture and livestock was
proving the quality of the region's lands.
reasons for nests or for the third consecutive year in the assessment that we
we have the best region to make taquara in brazil
in general the week in the region for being invested livestock is today
a ground floor is a being that is free the plans
The facility to market animals is an excellent management
finally 3% of the passages of the farm were chosen to receive the call and the
figures show that the initiative was worth
they have worked hard and when we go to see the institute
of these themes repeated with the title of loan with the top scorer
but it depends a lot on each situation if the suspension of classes and
do
he reveals that the diagnosis of the project is estimated to have confessed that the construction company
wants to produce
and participants of the field day was explained
it's all about the delegation topic as the speaker stay away for until
eight weeks for more economical activities
economy that can reach 75%
we could not go through today with the procedures of ten
years ago
and all that is technological innovation are not using
and the results that we all wounded are very good
the presentation of the horns of the farm and he celebrates the good results
we are here
already going to more than 100 when decreasing year since when the production
normal in brazil the average less than 4 of February the team of ricardo gomes 25
times more of productivity this has become a nephew of 83 years is father of
you this idea of ​​the cattle rancher should expand the irrigated area
because democracy depends on the people you find most in Argentina, for example
of the year
in that they did not find the man to work
the reaction and how much water the region is a drop of the block
Earth
they are not following
White River
during the four years of decision linkage in the irrigated area in the bed
during 4 5 years in the course did not suffer anything hands there was none because
never know desalination
the employed pickets become more and more present in the properties.
our - like this one
dare de orange, and experts in the field
region is suitable for passengers in oscar
We ignored the boys team we worked with the livestock
we have to look for technology and technology denounce because we
lets live together
with the dry season
such as the fantastic livestock activity
and we have a problem
in the photo of grapes that are sometimes not regular
these irrigation projects and normalize says commenting
violently ours running I think this can manage to live
In this region incorporating technology, I believe that progress with all of us is
knowledge that is difficult to
But we're talking, we're starting, and this is how we're going.
do
the last stop of the visit was the shadow of the bariguda on one side are the
mayors connected with the cattle savoring passed close
difference with a non-irrigated passageway is visible drought effects on
region play lasts three months as a true sometimes in the northern landscape
irrigated pastures reopen more than confinement and ranchers
want to take advantage of the opportunities the turmoil only that the goose too
and cheat in the blackmail with 3% of the irrigated area in the champions league
50% in the early afternoon
the days
when setting up an irrigation system or choosing the type of irrigation
pasture
it is worth listening to the guidance of an agronomist